mystery [Music]
Judas you rush you get the
place medic wish you would Athena whisper to me don't believe in any more
lies getting crazy on the Moonshine when you pple something the
little [__] that you give to the goddess aena follows a Deus
around she makes men fulfill the desires to be with the woman ching with
afrc once you are out producing the thec watch out your brain will open up
AA with a purple cup she up purple Cush you forg get the
place magic is wish you would you
up you the place get wish
you welcome back to Lady Babylon this is B The Muse and I'm going to bring you a
short story tonight now I've got something fantastic for you it's absolutely fantastic
this is a mystery you're going to put on your
investigator's cap and you're going to solve a mystery tonight the way that we're going to do that is through the
language itself through the Greek itself and you're going to learn
something about Judas that will allow you to have one of
those aha moments now it makes sense right um and it'll give you a
historical look at the text right and that's all through the language baby we
love that language we love you mommy Greek we love you you know what before I
want to start I want to bring you a couple of comments because satanic congregation I'll give you this and by
the way by the way by the way Teddy base everybody go check out
Teddy BAS it's very cultic it's very cultic you're you know it's just part of
it it's just part of it come we get the songs oh
God yeah it's gorgeous now here's the
reality here's the reality underneath are you ready for this let's get a couple of comments and I'm going to give
you a couple of vides what are people saying about satanic
congregation those of you who've been coming here for so long and so
faithfully and I know there are those among you who are here just to cause
problems I know that too but that's a minority that's a tiny tiny minority I'm
talking to the real members of the satanic congregation that's who I am if
you like enjoying your food with Lady Babylon yeah that's you I'm talking
to and you're not afraid of any whips are you no are you ready for this give
me a couple of quotes and then Clips give me quote number one no we're going to save that one we're gonna save we're
gonna save that one give me that one good who is this from yeah okay some guy with a general name his kitchen is in a
tiny apartment an efficiency flat as the ukers call him so he's definitely not a
financial marketing genius that's for sure do you know what that is it is a
reflection of the death of classical wisdom it's a reflection do you hear how
the atheistic world and when I say that I mean the monists because the monists
create atheism the monists create
atheism this gent is sucked into the monest atheistic
universe so what is their morality what do you think their morality is in that
Universe the man's kitchen the man's kitchen is not a
that's not that's not a man of wealth listen to Antiquity Mr HooHa
listen to Antiquity who is the wisest oh Oracle who is the
wisest Socrates is the wisest Socrates you know why
because he knew he didn't know and he knew other people who said they knew
were full of it and he could just tear you apart in a conversation and for that
the Oracle declared him to be the wisest of all wisest of all those people do you
see classical morality your greed stains your soul
with a stench of Ruin do you know where that gentleman is that gentleman is in
Hell being punished for his greed give me the next one Socrates had
one cloak baby do you know why Socrates had one
cloak because he didn't care what you thought about
him he listened to his Dione he listened to his Dione give me the next one these
are funny this dude is the biggest sop ever I'm a sop now and I think he's been
drinking a lot of drugs from the seriously
seriously sop sop this dude is the biggest sop
ever bro if you think that this has the
capacity to carry out any sort of sophisticated operation that involves I
don't know things like planning no no bro you're in the wrong
place give me the next one finally let's hear some sense from
Leo is that Leo we just say Leo if you listen to the four three now what is
this this is a note that was left you know this is a message that's left on an
interview on a no it was a review somebody did a review of Lady
Babylon right and this was one of the comments that they left if you listen to the full three in a bit Hour podcast it
gives one a drastically different portrait of the man well that's odd you
think that they you didn't see you only saw through their clip didn't you right
and it gave you a kind of a distorted view that's okay thank you for saying it I don't know if what he says is true or
not right he knows a whole a he knows a whole lot more about it than most people
okay thank you that's nice but you know what I'm said it could all be absolute nonsense but those were three of the
most far out and fascinating hours I've gotten from a podcast in
years I want to show you a couple of clips now and I want you to sit with me
and the Watchers and I want you to see the athe the atheistic monest soup in which
you live are you ready it's Topsy Turvy let's go for it jwy give me the first one what I what I
think that I got very confused by is um that I confused is the wrong word I am
skeptical okay of Lady babylon's ability to translate anything
he does have his PhD okay that doesn't mean anything I agree he he claims that
he can read another language that does not make you a good translator I'm pretty sure that he's just making [__] up it's like those little games where
you know like you're like okay make this letter be this letter I think he's just saying okay this word means this
now okay so that's what she thinks that's what she
thinks um you know what's funny is when you see
people who come with a preformed conclusion already they just have
something there they have some kind of now is this I just ask yourself is this
person who's talking any sort of Samurai is there a reason they're putting down
this other Samurai maybe they're I don't know maybe they're in linguistics maybe they're in Classics do you know people
have been asking and vetting amen and do you know what they're
finding they're finding hail Satan that's what they're finding they're
finding that I'm just a classicist and I'm just doing what classicists do yeah
yeah it's no there's no trick there's no no it's just translation of those texts now this person doesn't even know
doesn't even know the discipline and yet is willing to come out with a general
statement and say okay let's hear some more let's hear some more did you see by the way how quickly the gentleman turned
around when he said he does have a PhD and she was like that doesn't mean [Laughter]
anything you're right you're right Miss tight boox and that's her name in all
fairness you're right you're right what I did was 12 years of University that
brought me three degrees in Greek ancient Greek classical
philology that's what I did and ever since then I've been reading it that's who I am that's where I
am so hit the next clip let's see what watch the world people and what they do
go you know what I have to say this right now especially for the people who are listening to the podcast you're right he's an idiot no genius would have
a kitchen like that that is so dating that looks like King Cobra JF has that's
not a nice place and he has this Shrine that includes his riding cop which he as
you just heard is about to grab um and again for the people who are only listening he's about to use it to thwack
the floor a whole bunch he's it's he's a mental patient I heard you
single this man is crazy mommy pass me the chicken
nuggets no sauce I'm getting married again and he's the first guy I'm killing
yeah all right all right so you see you
see where the level of penetration is right you see where the level of
Engagement is where people can engage you're dealing with people who can only
engage on the surface to start with right and they're not here because they
want to be they're here because they're trying to work their way up the ladder right and they're going to critique this
person person without considering anything background any sort of but
that's okay we don't need them you know why because people can do those kind of
things and they have done them they love to do them in the Dark Ages Miss tyght
boox Miss tyght boox do you know what you did wrong miss typ
boox you mess with somebody who's well trained you mess with somebody who knows
the art and just to put your brain at
these um there's really not a difference between reading and translating because
you're doing the same thing okay I don't sit around and talk
to the U right I don't do that I don't change things from one language to
another I jump into the pit of the creek and I swim as deep as I can that's
that's what I do that's my thing does it matter that my kitchen does my kitchen not impress you
seriously does my kitchen not impress you yes yes do you see what happens to a
society that is no longer but Guided by
polytheism when you step away from Justice when you step away from those
values that make make you a woman when you step away from that
Hunter what happens to you you become concerned about kitchens do you know
well I'm going to say something to half of you half of you out there you are a mere
reflection just the shade of the great women who came before
you justce shade oh if I had the power to give you
to become that vampire oh God oh God
let's take a trip tonight again let's take a trip and look at a text I'm going
to flash up the one text up here I'm going to give you one
text and it's going to guide everything tonight are you ready this is the mystery what is going on here we're
talking about the death of Judas bring him up chewy we're talking about the
death of Judas or what has been believed to be the death of
Judas this is the crime scene and who is our witness our witness is
Peter and he is saying after Jesus in his vampire form was taken back up into
the uranos which is where they all go right after he was taken up Peter and his
Gang This gang of teenage cultists had to
perpetuate the right so they needed because Judas had had betrayed and so
what happen this is you know this a little bit later right and what are we doing we're forming a another mystery 12
just like Paul does just like Jesus does just like anybody does who's following
ionic life whether it's your synagogues that have Ion with the Zodiac around him
or whether it's your Christians talking about ionic life you need those
12 you need those 12 so what they do they appointed another kid to be
involved D yeah another young person to be
involved and what happened to Judas and all of this well there are two accounts
here's part of the mystery are you ready I'm prepping you we're going into this crime scene and I want you to figure out
how what happened okay in this one verse it's all we're just looking at one verse I want
you to figure out what actually happened we have two accounts one in Matthew and
one of the in the Acts of the Apostles the first one in Matthew is
totally different it's totally different from the other one and the other one the
one in Acts we never you will never see this thing depicted in art anywhere as a
matter of fact chewy is reaching into that quantum singularity and pulling out
the very first images the very first images of what is actually going on in
this verse go ahead and throw that verse up there let's throw it up there boom
here it is
act8 what did Judas do he bought a piece of land isn't that nice he's an
entrepreneur he's an entrepreneur he bought himself a piece of land from what
from the Wade of his Injustice right for turning in Jesus he
got that now we're going to get a phrase that are a whole goal here tonight is to try to translate what happened what
happened to
[Music]
Judas all right now I know you're running to the end there and you saw the splan now and you said wait a minute
wait a minute this is associated with the boys and theocritus this is why they chase boys they talk about it these are
the goodies the goodies the boys give how do you think we tell all of this
haruspicy all of this reading of the signs we do it from this power
now what does the English and everybody asked this question they've been asking
this that's not everybody that's an exaggeration people ask me this question why you why are you giving us the
reality and why haven't people before you right why haven't they come up and
done it and my answer is because of the weakness of classical philology that
classical philologists haven't been studying medical or scientific documents for ages and all they needed to do was
look into the pharmaceutical side and they didn't and I did and I'm happy to
have done that and I'm bringing that to you now what is look at these translations of this verse before I
translate it for you which we're gonna do I want you to see what the English is
are you ready get your fantasy caps on with the payment he received for his
wickedness Judas bought a field there he fell headlong his body
burst open and all his intestines Spilled Out wait a
minute what first of all that Greek does not
say anything about falling there is no falling there yeah it doesn't doesn't say I'm
going to show you it doesn't say that what do you mean his he burst
open he burst open does anybody know about this right this is what you call
um immediate tummy explosion yeah it happens all the time if you're
reading the inherent word of God and you come across this
translation please please explain to me what this means Judas bought a field
with the money he received for his treachery falling head first there his
body split open spilling out his intestines wait now this man acquired a
field yeah yeah yeah and falling head he burst open there's going to be a lot of falling head long do you know why
translations different translations are so similar it's because Christian
translators are weak because they don't read anything but they're garbage and by
garbage everybody's got garbage right everybody's got it they're
not reading anybody else's how are you going to strengthen your understanding of the language if
all you read is the newspaper from 1980 seriously what are you going to
do oh my god um give me the King James let's see what the King James does now
this man purchased the field with the reward of iniquity that sounds more ominous and falling headlong he burst
theunder in the midst he he burst his belly in his
midsection he burst that open right okay okay now how are we going to
figure out what is actually going on right are you ready I'm going to reveal it for all the Catholics and all the
Evangelical all the charismatics right you're going to get to see what this is actually doing and how do we do that we
do it from the Greek that's all we do it from the Greek Give me the give me the first one look at this people having
said that here's some Latin look at this you know what this
says um it's part of a quote it's only part but it's part of a quote that says
magic Right comes from medicine right why would they say magic
came from medicine this is plenty why would they say this in Antiquity because of the
drugs right drugs are a part of medicine but they are also the driver of
magic yeah so um to them it's you know he says Nemo
doit nobody will doubt right like everybody knows give me the next one um
just a couple of more I wanted to give you um look at the first word here
buim bu Prest now you were talking about Judas I know and now I'm talking about
buprestis what is that it's a beetle
it's a beetle a a beetle that in Antiquity they said it's a little bit
different from but it's in the same group does the same thing as
cantharides cantharides what is canares that's one of the blister beetles that
produces a little resin and you can you know what it does that resin is a love
gift it's a love gift the um it's given to protect the eggs the female will
receive it and then protect the eggs with it uh but it's quite toxic and um
why am I mentioning basus go back to the beginning go back to that quote with basus
please so he says the Greeks talk about it in a couple of
different ways they say first of all it's good just for consumption of your
for your diet's sake right and otherwise they talk about it like it's a you got
to use remedies against the drug with it right that this is the you know really
poisonous and toxic stuff right and even its name indicates that you know it's a
poison right because what happens when the cows that's where the boo comes from
when the cows eat it they dis they disate what does that mean it
means they explode it means they
explode they vent you've heard of the
word um deiss when you have a when you have a surgery and you've been cut open you
don't want that closed tissue to open up
again this is what they're trying to prevent is that opening of the tissue right what happens there is a
bursting there is a bursting with the cattle
now um I used to work on a dairy I didn't see any cattle burst I did see
some die from bloat I did see some die from bloat and I know that's a
possibility but that is not what this author is talking about and when when a
cow Dice from blow they don't explode anyway right this is what happens his splankna
spill out of his body his goodies spill out of his body
okay let's go to the next one I think they see where this is this is going um people I want you to meet really quick
here the here theat look at the
Greek what is this this is the art of healing with ointments you didn't even know this existed did you right you
didn't even know it existed you know when we talk about christing we're talking about using ointments and when I
say ointments I mean really crazy drug ointments let's
see let's see some crazy drug ointments you know I know you guys love the crazy
look at the also look at the iatra Maya is a feminine physician right or
Midwife isn't that nice so for those of you think oh women didn't do anything yeah no they were no they were
met listen love it give me the next one give
me the next one thec says plenty is the name given to a preparation devised by
luxury a composition formed of 600 different ingredients and this while Nature has bestowed upon us such numbers
of Remedies Each of which would have fully answered the purpose employed by itself the Mythic antidote is composed
of four in 50 ingredients now listen to this 54
ingredients none of which are used in exactly the same proportion and the quantity prescribed
is in some cases so small as the 60th part of one
Denarius right we're in the world of grams now we're talking about Antiquity and
the complex compound drugs that they're using in mystery rights and the
measurements are that precise you know where they're getting
that Precision that's Bronze Age late Bron's age Precision with pharmacology this is why when somebody
comes on and they say I don't like his kitchen right you know that there are
certain people out there that you can show that reality to you can give it to
them and they'll say thank you right there are other people who already have a preformed
notion right you can stand them in front of the mirror this is bakic
initiation this is bakic ini initiation people are forced to look
into the mirror look at what Miss typ boox did
tonight right she talked about things she had no clue no knowledge of
whatsoever and dismissed it entirely dismiss just just just
dismissed that's the same thing the leaders of the theology schools do it's
the same thing that Jordan Peterson does right they come from outside the
field right and condemn and just deny every just deny everything can't be look
at his kitchen right look at his kitchen do you see why Socrates was walking
around like he was and why the the Oracle was saying he was the wisest
Athenian who walked around saying these people don't know what they're doing you
don't know what Justice is you don't know what Justice is all you have to do
is look at your ba basic definitions everything you think is
right will be turned on its head and you'll see just from the scientific breakdown of your own stupid Thoughts by
the power of reason you're an idiot and if you haven't come to that
place yet you end up you know you end up saying look at the man's kitchen here's
my kitching of that right if that's your level if that's your level of depth
right but the ancient Mysteries and the women who made them the oracles who perpetuated them
you do them a great disservice miss typ boox you do them a great
disservice yeah and they're watching you they're watching you fantastic let's go
to the next one right let's go to the next one that was not very cheery look
let's get down to here do this one real quick do this one look people what bug are we talking about we're talking about
Spanish Fly Right the term Spanish Fly thank you Alan the term Spanish Fly is
refer to various aphrodisiacs oh I forgot to tell you this is their big
aphrodesiac like the cantha days the blister beetle right they produce that
chemical what does it do let's see however the real Spanish Fly contains a hazardous substance that can blister
your skin right and it can kill you too are you ready give me the next one Watch What Happens Remember by the way
by the way plenty was talking about how specific the amounts are that they're
working with right because they know why do they have to be that specific because they know if they give too much they'll
kill you watch what happens where does it come from True Spanish Fly is made
from blister beetles specifically the substance produced by the B beetles is called
cantharidin John Scarboro wrote about cantharidin and what it does and how it interacts with prostate the insect's
name is not for nothing contact with cantharidin blisters the
skin now you know why they call it the burning
purple guess what this drug is one of the ones they use for cancer treatment external cancer
treatment okay contact with canar and blister skin
it use its use dates way back and some of its many Infamous fans include a
Roman Empress who used canaran to encourage sexual behavior worthy of blackmailing your family that's nice
Roman gladiators using it for orgies wasn't just Gladiators Queens who used
it on their kings and those kings on their Mistresses right now he says to spice
things up but watch what's happening this is not intentional dried beetles
would be crushed and mixed with drinks or sweets not always to the receiver's knowledge
what do you think Cersei was putting on those pigs
food right putting the blister beetle you know you can kill someone like that
right yeah and every once in a while they do they do when media went to the
Temple of Hera to dedicate her children couple of them didn't make it through
the process those children were dedicated to Hera okay they're working with very Dam
dangerous chemicals very dangerous and not only that he talks about fumigating
this one I don't know how that would change it I don't know what that would do but it gets crazy okay give me the
next one after that one yeah along with longlasting erection Spanish Fly was found to cause a number of serious side
effects including death so if we had a commercial for Spanish Fly today we
would have to have somebody read you know this includes serious side effects including death right
even death as the Marquee dead tragically discovered in 1772 after giving sweet an a seed balls
laced with Spanish fly to prostitutes why would he be giving
Spanish fly to the prostitutes because as anyone knew in Antiquity especially
the women who were involved with the Midwifery there is a way to make make a
woman's body heated there is a way to fill your
heated Center and to cause you to burst into
flames yes I saw this done once in an interview I saw it done once in an
interview the photographer was surprised spontaneous combustion right on the spot
right on the spot it was fantastic um love it um this is the power of the drug
this is the power of the drug that they're talking about okay a power to force
you to be brought to a place of
climactic perfection yeah yeah and it all starts
they say with your heat right it all starts with your heat and how that heat
can be focused and where it can be Fus focused and the drug does just that it
takes it to the part of your body now what does it do in men it just happens
to have now right this W this drug is first for a woman this is not a man's drug but when you give it to men you get
saders you get saders give me the next give me the next
um look at look at what are the symptoms that we get here painful urination
for urination right when you're in a psychotic fit that's no fun blood in
your urine vomiting blood you're going to get the clue here there's a lot of blood coming out of different places
difficulty swallowing seriously you difficulty are you kidding I've got blood coming out of places I don't care
how hard it is priapism fancy talk this author said for persistent painful
erections right they also call it sarasus they have numerous words for it
because it's a common drug activity you can cause this person to have a painful
unring erection causes abdominal pain eventually kidney failure some
gastrointestinal bleeding you get a lot of bleeding out the anus with it a lot
of bleeding out the anus and then some neurological you know as you as you
shoot down the as you shoot down the uh slide of death go ahead and put some of
our pictures up there as you shoot down the slide of death eventually it takes
tastes your nervous tissue and turns it into not good um it kills you and how
does it kill [Music] you causes you to shed that essential
life that flows
from that body under the influence of the
drug it pushes you to a place of climax you say every place of climax that you
want to go you want to go there yourself this is an invasive Pro uh um
proposition that we've got going right if we're in Antiquity and we're going through these rights I'm going to drug
you I've read many many examples of people praise this is drugging
people so I'm going to drug you and I'm going to forcefully I'm going to
forcefully climax you right you're not going to want it you're not gonna you're going to be in a psychotic State and I'm
going to cause you to come to that place of complete and total sexual Union with
the cosmos you're going to see how everything works when we take you there you're going to understand the Machinery
you're going to understand your hard drive you're going to understand what's happening that is what they're
performing now what are they doing that with they're one of the components are these blister beetles give me the next
one oh you know what go back to that go back to that plenty one yeah that big one yeah okay I I wanted you to see here
I wanted you to see here that plenty's like look there's you know these people
are just bragging because it's impossible to get those tiny tiny amounts of measurements right he's so
amazed at how the level of the science is reached in Pharmacology right we have accounts of
people doctors who accidentally overdose patients we have a accounts of it and
it's not pretty but it's happening it's happening right there's no FDA there
there's no regulations there right
yeah give me the next one give me the next one watch this as to the other remedial virtues attributed to bugs
because you think what we're dealing with bugs for the Cure of vomiting that's nice look people you can use bugs
to stop vomiting courtin fevers now people don't know what Cordon fever here
is but it's a malaria yeah it's a type of malaria they're they have chronic fevers
populations of chronic fevers and they noticed hey there's a there's a um
there's a relation here between how many of us have fevers and how many of these
swamps we're cleaning up right getting rid of all this malaria this bad air
that means bad air right so you see the whole the kind of the the big picture
look the holistic look that they've got of the of the world around them you're part of a system you're part of a system
and you are balanced within that system and we can give you drugs to bring you
to places that you can't be brought otherwise Watch What Happens and other diseases allthough we find what do we
use bugs to treat um I look upon them as utterly
unfounded and not worthy of further notice they are employed however for the treatment of lethargy there we go
lethargy that's interesting you want a little pck me up drink some Buck juice
and with some Fair reason as they successfully n neutralize the narcotic
effects of the poison of the ASP what what so wait a minute this is not
some dude who's just walking along gets bitten by an asp this is a dude who is using the ASP and he's countering that
ASP with this anti-narcotic with this antin
narcotic do you see how sophisticated the the plant Flor and fauna Bridge was
with these people and it's coming through the Greek it's not coming through the Latin I'm giv you a Latin Source but it's coming through the Greek
from the Viper are prepared right nobody ever believes me when I say these things so here they are in the their words from
the Viper are prepared those tablets which are known as thec right to the Greeks okay again who we talking about
just plenty just plenty he's just given us the Encyclopedia of the day right
he's Mr encyclopedia he's going to talk about magic and medicine he's going to talk about drugs and God he goes on and
on and on give me the next one give me the next one a pounded scorpion this is just for
fun for those of you who want something fun to think about a pounded scorpion
it's got to be pounded right this thing can't be drowned and then peppered you
know it's got to be pounded and it neutralizes the Venom of a spotted lizard I don't even know what
what kind of spot of L that is and most of these texts you'll look at the notes in them and they'll say we don't know
who this what what species this is it's probably this one right because it's in this region that he's describing and oh
yeah they have this spotted lizard right okay fine but you can use
the scorpion venom so now you understand why in the Mythic depictions of the God you've
always got like scorpion some kind of scorpions trying to things
testicles yeah you use the
Venoms as compounds right you use them as compounds now remember when you have the
blister beetle on board and you are bleeding anally I want you just wait
you're bleeding anal Crimson blood this is not the black blood you get from in
the intestine higher up this is that Crimson anal blood and that mixes with
purple do you know what's happening that purple is getting
absorbed that purple is getting absorbed they're mixing in your own body they're
mixing drugs is Christ is Christ a drug term
seriously people seriously I can I can't count I can't count the the references
of course it is and notice wait I want to say one I
want to say one thing while we have Jesus and Company um notice that people
won't go back and actually look for themselves notice there's a
fear that a palpable fear in looking at the original text there's a fear that
you may find something let's figure out what's going on with Judas here because you know we know we're in the cult we
know give me that next one there you go watch this people um here are the
remedies that you can derive from cantharis you mean that blister beetle that gives me a terrible forceful
erection and makes my anus bleed right and different parts of my body bleed I'm G to come right get me the purple you
mean um those things can be used as remedies right yeah but with reference to canares
there's been considerable controversy on the subject seeing that taken internally
there are poison attended with excruciating pains in the platter that's nice to know right um then it keeps
going I just wanted you to see that you can talk about remedies derived from these very same
poisons right which they know are poison poisonous and canares are produced from
small grub found most particularly in the spongy excrescences which grow on
the stem of the dog rows isn't that interesting why the dog rows why and still more abundantly on
the ash other kinds again are found upon the white rose look at how observant they are and this is just
plenty what is he doing he has a slave read to him all day long while he's
doing government business he has a slave follow him around and read to him when he's in the bath slave reading to him
and then he takes all that information and piles it into an encyclopedia that's what he's doing here so he it's not that
he knows this right he's picked it up from another author and what does that tell you it tells you kitties you've
been lied to by these lying people sons
of the people who told you nobody reads an Antiquity I heard somebody
septu agent expert quote unquote oh God nobody no nobody reads
Antiquity what are you talking about what are you talking about look at all the information that's slammed into this
that plenty is gleaning where do you think he's getting those Scrolls they got all sorts of libraries all over Rome
they got one on the palentine Christians Burn It Down
okay oh God give me the next one we got to decipher the mystery the mystery all
these insects are extremely efficacious for the Cure of blank and blank it is said too they act as a Minogue and
diuretic for which last reason hipocrates used to prescribe them for dropsy that's swelling inflammation
extra swelling KO was reproached now listen to this everybody loves K because he's totally conservative totally
conservative this guy's a farmer and he thinks that the land has taught him
everything and he's just come out of the ground and what happens Watch What
Happens KO of UDA was reproached with selling poison because when disposing of
a royal property of by auction he sold a quantity of cantharides at the price of 60,000
SES dude if if they came to your estate and found
60,000 sties worth of drugs what do you think is gonna now an
iniquity right it's only looked down upon because that stuff is so toxic but
he's got a whole bunch of sex drugs in his house lot of sex drug H he's got a
lifetime supply of sex drug he's not it's so much that he can't use all of
that himself that's for you know that's for other people you mean these r rans
these famous Romans are drug dealers yes they are because there's no laws against
it and if you are free you can take
canares you can yeah they don't want you to they don't want that stuff to be regulated that's your health right
that's your health that's between you and your physician wait a minute they said that in Antiquity yes yes tyranny
always takes that away way it always takes away your choice doesn't matter if
it's your vote yeah give me the next one give me
the next one oh I hate it Martha when he talks about come here Fred you Midwestern oh God he needs it so bad
take Martha home Fred afcs let's see in its natural form canthon is secreted by
the male blister beetle and given to the female as a cop gift during mating afterwards the female be Beetle covers
her eggs with it and defense against predators fantastic right look at it nature is gorgeous man if you can't
watch this and say holy mael nature is gorgeous give it to me give it to me um
the French surgeon Ambrose pel described a case in 1572 of a man suffering from
the most frightful Satur why is it frightful
do you want to be the one guy with frightful
sasis first of all sarasus is priapism it's a painful
unremitting erection okay
um why are there degrees of it and why do you not want to be or want to be that
person with it the most frightful set arises after taking a potion composed of
nettles yeah and a canor extract so he's taking the blister beetle plus the nals
which I know they use the nettles in their sex rights so it's doing something right this dude is on to his this
surgeon is onto his stuff this is perhaps the same man of whom par relates
that a cortisen sprinkled a canar powder on food she
served to him after which the man experienced get ready for this violent
prism and anal bleeding of which he later
died of which he later died perah also cites the case of a priest who died
after swallowing a dose of cantharides which he intended to fortify his sex
drive wait what was that a wait was that a Catholic priest a Catholic priest
fortifying his sex drive too much too
much it's just too much do you see how the devil works it's overwhelming you
mean you can be given a frightful prism you can be given a torturous prism
and then be forced to burst yes you can yes you can and it's part of the
mystery cantharides is being used blister beetle is being used and there
are descriptions of it both and Latin and Greek doing exactly what it is doing
with Judas let's see the next one okay bring
it we we got to bring it all tie it back together carefully right I just want to see this one look they're using some
remedies that you wouldn't necessarily consider remedies like Rams flesh right broth Rams flesh broth right okay so in
other words if you're gonna use the horny um crazy crazy aroused in inducer
right what does it do in women it just causes you to burst to get really hot and
burst what yeah which you know has its you know that has its you know ADV
advantages right um uh but look what you can do you got to have some Ram's flesh
some sheep's milk right very useful in cases where persons have drunk an
infusion of aconite oh my God aconite that's wolf Spain that stuff will kill
you dead we've been looking at aconite it's one of those poisons that they use
specifically that thing will knock you the hell out that's it you're gone aconite and look they're drinking it so
wait a minute now what I got to do I got to get my blister beetle and I got to get some some of this I got to mix it
all together apparently in some of the shapes milk right um or look you know
people who've got the buprestis in there already what would you be drinking a aconite and buprestis
for neero knew why do you think he wanted the formula so bad give me the
next one this is a mystery term by Heracles I'm going to do this for the first time tonight I know I said short
story and it's getting long and I want to bring you I want to bring you to the to the climax but I want to give you a a
mystery term are you ready people this is a line by H and what does he
say am ho that is a mystery statement if you
can understand that you will will understand what the initiate must
undergo give me the next one sometimes we leave it with mystery
people what happened what happened now take us back wait Chewy take us back to the very first verse that we had that's
our quote for the evening not that one that one give me that one no not that one either this one there we go this is
our acts one 1118 finally we're going to find out what happened to John uh to
Judas what happened to Judas he bought this plot of land you know he's going to he's going to settle down he's got some
money um he bought this plot of land from his that he got from his turning in
Jesus and what happened PR gomos PR gomos he became what he became
PR now hit me with the definition good what did he become which is actually
this is from pranes but that's just the length of the vowels look the ionian L lens it right the ionian lengthens it
okay good that's what it says the top with fo the face downwards lying on the front falling forwards headlong down oh
my God look at the bottom look at the bottom the very bottom
line foras what is that that Fort it's foras it's Latin for perhaps they're
trying to explain these are Victorian Scholars is trying to
explain how this word is being used in The Acts of the Apostles and they have
to put in parentheses for perhaps this is from
PR becoming ex distended distended hit me with the next
one distended watch this people this word equals preo to blow up
or distend and what kind of authors are using it to mean to blow up or distend
look at the end of the first line The Acts of the Apostles this is a different passage 286 you know what that means it
means this one author is using this term this way
consistently and who else is using it hypocrite hypocritic nature of women
hypoc hypocritic nature of women is the author of act using a medical term yep
and that author is using it repeatedly the same way okay give me the next
one now um here is the verb from which it comes right pimp me pimp me all right
and notice that it can mean to burn with fever can mean to burn the whole idea of
the burning and the swelling are combined they talk about Love Burns me I
can feel the love in my loins right when they say Can You Feel
the Love Tonight they were talking about a burning sensation in your
genitalia right Can You Feel the Love Tonight It's the burning in classical
Antiquity it's the burning Can You Feel The Burning you know what that burning attracts it attracts
moisture it attracts moisture what are we doing with the cantharus
what are we doing with the canaris that Beetle that causes us to be able to come
to a forced climax while our anus
bleeds watch this give me the next one give me the next one where we were where we were buprestis animal look what he
says this is plenty buprestis is a you know kind of rare in Italy right and
it's very similar to the Scarab and if it really escapes the cow's notice right
it falls in among the herbs and the cows eat it right and what happen when the cows eat it they become
inflamed they become surging and they
rot they burst they birst from that inner surge
why it's in the chemicals it's in the chemicals it's all that
interaction right and again I worked on a DA I'm going tell you for a fact I've never seen a cow explode and I've seen
many not many but a handful die of bloat right where they literally cannot give
off any more gas right and if they essentially just choke themselves right
they just suffocate themselves there's no explosion right we're talking about
bringing the person to the place where they can spill their goodies are you
ready give me the next one are you ready oh God you mean Judas remember when Judas got angry oh we're going to see
that in a minute okay look from the Viper they make a pastel right which
they call a thec the Greeks called the thec right and the Greeks say that these
things are poisons right I just want you to see the Romans are well aware of the
capacity the Greeks have for using the thcs when the woman is Seated on the beach that Beast is that
thec give me the next one it's gorgeous I love it okay I know
people it's getting I thought I would go slower this is what you're doing you're
becoming prayes you're becoming
distended you mean Judas didn't just follow look he was at the sale right
Chey he was at the sale of the property and the real there was like
congratulations you just bought your first hel and he was like ah and his guts exploded and just spilled out the
front of them like an exorcist or something right concomitant with Jesus
on the cross now the author of Matthew knew right that he had to have a death
scene this scene in Acts doesn't talk about doesn't say
explicitly Judas died it doesn't strange ly
enough strangely enough the Matthew scene does and in Matthew he's just he
feels bad right he's like a he doesn't buy a plot of land so we can party right
he he does what yeah he hangs himself right because he feels bad he feels bad this is not
the death scene there's no death here so what's
happening he's swelling he's swelling and what happens after that he
burst in the mids he bursts in the mids have you ever
bursted in your mids I'm G to burst and I'm gonna all over the place you know what I mean that's how we all get
here right how we all get here give me the
next one and what happens he pours out what what is Flowing out what is Flowing
out of this guy what is he give it to me cheer next one what is Flowing out of
this guy was pouring out of him all of that goody good good stuff coming from
the oracular yummies oh oh remember last week with
the aquus or a couple couple episodes ago we talked about tracked it down we talked about Paul and his Thorn and the
Flesh and everything that he's doing with the boy goody
Goods you didn't think we get away from them did you you didn't think we get away from them and people say how can
you take how can you read that listen these brainiacs how can you read that definition and take something from a
part of it right Dan Dan who
is how can you take something from The Backs side of the definition look at that's all the way to the bottom oh well
let's just cut that part out like that right it's one word we're talking about and that word has a history and if you
don't understand how that word is used through history you don't you don't read Greek I'm sorry I'm sorry you don't
right for everybody for everybody who wants that accent to be something that I
said it wasn't good luck good luck 35 years right this is where I can help you
get give it to me give it I'm giving them all the stuff I don't care I'm not I'm not going to sell anything give me
that watch this people this is a look this is me and I told you this before I
told you this before when we talk about the seed of those feelings those splankna do you know what's coming out
give me the next one do you know what's coming out he's purging he's purging watch this I told
you those those passions those are those passions do you
see what you can do with that pice you can cause those passions to
come to fruition you realize take me take it down for a second J you realize
the Olympic Games the Olympic Games were there in
the presence of the games of Hera the games of Hera and what were
those games those were initiation games those were coming of age games for girls
girls yeah the schools that started on Lesbos
for girls those are the earliest forms of Education your
Society your West Society is built upon a library that was brought to you by
women that only monest man religions could tear down and
burn give me one we're gonna have two more two more then we'll call it because people are tired I know that what did
I what is that that sounds dirty remember this people I wanted you to think of the panum what
is that's that place remember we talked about this that's the place between um
your anus and your genitalia right it's that flat land that
flat land okay give me the next one your glutes right run under your glutes what
are those centaurs they're Lacey they're pasts Jesus Christ right I said this a
long I said this a long time ago you were with me satanic congregation you've
been with me the whole way and I said to you and you trusted me I told you the
centaurs those are those traffickers they are the pederasts when you say leace you are
saved Pedas you are saying somebody who abuses
and traffics children who abuses them sexually using drugs just like the one
that we just looked at just like the one we just looked at do you know what he
was doing give me that last one do you know what he was doing
he was in that field blown up with the
buprestis bursting and spilling out his seed while our Lord Jesus Christ was
dying and Peter is the one who relates this tale
why because we all know he's dead what happened Peter were you a witness to it
no all we know is that he spilled everything that blood came out and
that's all there was he was ODed you mean Judas is scariot and Jesus Christ
were both under the influence of drugs when they
died supposedly yes
yes this is how the language works this is how you
Express that performance of the mystery and you don't see it because there is a
gulf between us and them and the only bridge in that Gulf is that thing that
you and I have in common blah blah blah right it's the only it's the only way we
get there is through the language right when I tell people Jesus is saying I'm not a pet
harass I'm not a child oh I don't want to use that word I'm not a child
trafficker right I can pull up a text for you and I can show you in the
text and you can you know be convinced or
not but the fact is you are the people who want to take that trip you're
the people who want to look into that reality not the ones who want to say his kitchen look at his kitchen what a what
a what a bunch of impoverishment I'm going to save that for next time I want to end with a quote I asked Dr Carl
Ruck I asked him give me a quote I've got a bunch of Greek students now and I
wanna I want to encourage them tell me as a classicist tell me something he
said I consider ancient Greek the prototypical humanity right he just sent me me this
in his email I'm putting up there like it's a quote but he just emailed me this the language and the cultural fantasies
encoded in its mythological Traditions have provided the nomenclature for many
of the well-known psychological paradigms for example the edus
complex but the art and literature this is the part I like unlike the tormenting
delusions of psychosis are the products not of a diseased mind but the highest aspiration
ations of our creative Spirit or Soul thank you the highest aspirations of our
creative Spirit or Soul thank you um this is from a man take it down that was
from a man who has spent many many years
studying reading Greek he has a taste for it and a flavor he has an
understanding of it that you cannot parallel um we should consider him we
should consider him a modern
savior it's his knowledge it's that knowledge it's that ability to work with
that Greek that brings us to that savior
yeah definitely um love it and you can have that too keep working on the creek
keep working I know um I've got classes coming up and I know I'm still cementing
the Aussie class and I love it thank you very much and I still got something I'm adding to the European class people are
working hard people are working hard and I appreciate it and we're going to go full steam ahead and when someone like
Peterson has the guts to come out and to discuss what
those texts say uh we'll be there we'll be there keep telling everybody that you
run into right keep telling telling them you know if they say talk about Jesus
you talk about Jesus too take back the Bible people this is our chance to take back the Bible um I thank you very much
for coming tonight and I hope I hope that you can see the reality
that is in those texts because it's always so much better um unfortunately
enough for the monis because that's where all of the evidence against them
is thank you for coming tonight Hil Satan Gates
ofon Dragon Lady of the Lake snake venom dream section Mal purple ion House of
Frankenstein Violet rain Rhymes medura hold the flame aena in the sky diamond
sharp on the magic cupet I fly The Man Who Laughs where man
a away Thum make these [__] jumpy out on
Broadway doct Doom B go
Mo you the place you get Med wish you
would you R up cush you get the place bet you get better wish you would
creepers my
[Applause] [Music]